Akura, you have no way out
Today is your day of death
It is the day when Peerless City falls
People can't wait
Hey, hey, Shi Alley will die obediently
Our five elders can leave you a whole corpse
Hahaha Amitabha
Benefactor Lin, you are poisoned by heavy objects
I was hit hard by the five of me
He will surely die.
I advise you not to resist anymore
Hahahaha
Those who commit me unparalleled will die
Golden Wood Water Fire Earth Five Cavalry Chess Master
Then I miss your blood
It shouldn't taste good
Five horsemen of gold, wood, water, fire and earth
Fight with all your might
Don't let them
Die before seeing the main hall
Hahahahaha
All seasons and two deaths
Not a single one